content/authors/admin/_index.md, before:

---
# Display name
title: Triết Hồ

# Name pronunciation (optional)
name_pronunciation: ''

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: Triet
last_name: Ho

# Pronouns (optional)
pronouns: he/him

# Status emoji
status:
  icon:

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: PhD student and Graduate Research Assistant

# Organizations/Affiliations to display in Biography blox
organizations:
  - name: University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, United States
    url: https://umich.edu/

# Social network links
# Need to use another icon? Simply download the SVG icon to your `assets/media/icons/` folder.
profiles:
  - icon: at-symbol
    url: 'mailto:triet@umich.edu'
    label: Email
  - icon: brands/github
    url: https://github.com/triet228
    label: Github
  - icon: brands/linkedin
    url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/triet-ho-988276242
    label: LinkedIn
  - icon: academicons/google-scholar
    url: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=gi3hgNIAAAAJ
    label: Google Scholar
  - icon: academicons/orcid
    url: https://orcid.org/0000-0003-4109-3410
    label: OCRID

interests:
  - Electrified Aircraft
  - Multidisciplinary Design Optimization
  - Graph Neural Networks
  - Autoencoder
  - Convolutional Neural Networks

education:
  - area: PhD Aerospace Engineering
    institution: University of Michigan
    date_start: 2025-08-25
    date_end: 2030-06-15
    summary: |
      Thesis on _Scaling Laws for Neural Language Models_. Supervised by Prof. Andrew Ng. Published 5 papers in NeurIPS and ICML, with 2 best paper awards.
    button:
      text: 'Read Thesis'
      url: 'https://example.com/thesis.pdf'
  - area: MS Computer Science
    institution: Carnegie Mellon University
    date_start: 2013-09-01
    date_end: 2015-05-31
    summary: |
      GPA: 4.0/4.0

      Specialized in machine learning and robotics.
  - area: BS Computer Science
    institution: MIT
    date_start: 2009-09-01
    date_end: 2013-05-31
    summary: |
      GPA: 3.9/4.0

      Minored in Mathematics. President of AI Club.

work:
  - position: Senior AI Research Scientist
    company_name: Meta AI
    company_url: 'https://ai.meta.com/'
    company_logo: ''
    date_start: 2020-01-01
    date_end: ''
    summary: |2-
      Leading research on multimodal AI systems. Contributed to Llama 2 and other open-source models. 50+ citations in 3 years.
  - position: AI Research Intern
    company_name: OpenAI
    company_url: 'https://openai.com/'
    company_logo: ''
    date_start: 2019-06-01
    date_end: 2019-12-31
    summary: |
      Worked on GPT-3 scaling. Co-authored paper on prompt engineering.

# Skills
# Add your own SVG icons to `assets/media/icons/`
skills:
  - name: Technical Skills
    items:
      - name: Python & PyTorch
        description: ''
        percent: 95
        icon: code-bracket
      - name: Machine Learning
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: chart-bar
      - name: Cloud Computing (AWS/GCP)
        description: ''
        percent: 85
        icon: cloud
  - name: Hobbies
    color: '#eeac02'
    color_border: '#f0bf23'
    items:
      - name: Hiking in the Rockies
        description: ''
        percent: 80
        icon: person-simple-walk
      - name: Building Custom PCs
        description: ''
        percent: 90
        icon: cpu-chip
      - name: Sci-Fi Reading
        description: ''
        percent: 70
        icon: book-open

languages:
  - name: English
    percent: 100
  - name: Vietnamese
    percent: 100

# Awards.
#   Add/remove as many awards below as you like.
#   Only `title`, `awarder`, and `date` are required.
#   Begin multi-line `summary` with YAML's `|` or `|2-` multi-line prefix and indent 2 spaces below.
awards:
  - title: Best Paper Award
    url: https://neurips.cc/
    date: '2022-12-01'
    awarder: NeurIPS
    icon: hero/trophy
    summary: |
      Awarded for groundbreaking work on efficient training of large models.
  - title: AI Innovation Grant
    url: https://www.nsf.gov/
    date: '2021-06-15'
    awarder: National Science Foundation
    icon: hero/currency-dollar
    summary: |
      $500,000 grant for research in ethical AI development.
  - title: Outstanding PhD Thesis
    url: https://www.stanford.edu/
    date: '2019-06-30'
    awarder: Stanford University
    icon: hero/academic-cap
    summary: |
      Recognized for contributions to scaling laws in deep learning.
---

Hello, my name is Triet Ho. I'm currently 1st year Ph.D. student at Umich majoring in Aerospace Engineering. My research goal is to combine machine learning, computational research, and aerospace engineering together. Specifically, I focus on applying machine learning to Multidisciplinary Design Optimization (MDO) for electrified aircraft. Right now, I'm under Professor Gökçin Çınar in Integrated Design of Efficient Aerospace Systems (IDEAS) Lab.

Commit message:

top left banner is Triet Ho

content/authors/admin/_index.md, after:

---
# Display name
title: Triết Hồ

# Name pronunciation (optional)
name_pronunciation: ''

# Full name (for SEO)
first_name: Triet
last_name: Ho

# Pronouns (optional)
pronouns: he/him

# Status emoji
status:
  icon:

# Is this the primary user of the site?
superuser: true

# Highlight the author in author lists? (true/false)
highlight_name: true

# Role/position/tagline
role: PhD student and Graduate Research Assistant

# Organizations/Affiliations to display in Biography blox
organizations:
  - name: University of Michigan, Ann Arbor, MI 48109, United States
    url: https://umich.edu/

# Social network links
# Need to use another icon? Simply download the SVG icon to your `assets/media/icons/` folder.
profiles:
  - icon: brands/youtube
    url: https://www.youtube.com/@triet228
    label: YouTube
  - icon: brands/github
    url: https://github.com/triet228
    label: Github
  - icon: brands/linkedin
    url: https://www.linkedin.com/in/triet-ho-988276242
    label: LinkedIn
  - icon: academicons/google-scholar
    url: https://scholar.google.com/citations?user=gi3hgNIAAAAJ
    label: Google Scholar
  - icon: academicons/orcid
    url: https://orcid.org/0000-0003-4109-3410
    label: OCRID

interests:
  - Electrified Aircraft
  - Multidisciplinary Design Optimization
  - Graph Neural Networks
  - Autoencoder
  - Convolutional Neural Networks

education:
  - area: Ph.D. Aerospace Engineering
    institution: University of Michigan
    date_start: 2025-08-25
    date_end: 2030-06-15
#     summary: |
#       Thesis on _Scaling Laws for Neural Language Models_. Supervised by Prof. Andrew Ng. Published 5 papers in NeurIPS and ICML, with 2 best paper awards.
#     button:
#       text: 'Read Thesis'
#       url: 'https://example.com/thesis.pdf'
  - area: B.S. Aerospace Engineering
    institution: University of California, Irvine
    date_start: 2022-09-25
    date_end: 2025-06-15
#     summary: |
#       GPA: 3.9/4.0


work:
  - position: Senior AI Research Scientist
    company_name: Meta AI
    company_url: 'https://ai.meta.com/'
    company_logo: ''
    date_start: 2020-01-01
    date_end: ''
    summary: |2-
      Leading research on multimodal AI systems. Contributed to Llama 2 and other open-source models. 50+ citations in 3 years.
  - position: AI Research Intern
    company_name: OpenAI
    company_url: 'https://openai.com/'
    company_logo: ''
    date_start: 2019-06-01
    date_end: 2019-12-31
    summary: |
      Worked on GPT-3 scaling. Co-authored paper on prompt engineering.

# Skills
# Add your own SVG icons to `assets/media/icons/`
skills:
  - name: Technical Skills
    items:
      - name: Python & PyTorch
        description: ''
        percent: 95
        icon: code-bracket
      - name: Machine Learning
        description: ''
        percent: 100
        icon: chart-bar
      - name: Cloud Computing (AWS/GCP)
        description: ''
        percent: 85
        icon: cloud
  - name: Hobbies
    color: '#eeac02'
    color_border: '#f0bf23'
    items:
      - name: Hiking in the Rockies
        description: ''
        percent: 80
        icon: person-simple-walk
      - name: Building Custom PCs
        description: ''
        percent: 90
        icon: cpu-chip
      - name: Sci-Fi Reading
        description: ''
        percent: 70
        icon: book-open

languages:
  - name: English
    percent: 80
  - name: Vietnamese
    percent: 100

# Awards.
#   Add/remove as many awards below as you like.
#   Only `title`, `awarder`, and `date` are required.
#   Begin multi-line `summary` with YAML's `|` or `|2-` multi-line prefix and indent 2 spaces below.
awards:
  - title: Best Paper Award
    url: https://neurips.cc/
    date: '2022-12-01'
    awarder: NeurIPS
    icon: hero/trophy
    summary: |
      Awarded for groundbreaking work on efficient training of large models.
  - title: AI Innovation Grant
    url: https://www.nsf.gov/
    date: '2021-06-15'
    awarder: National Science Foundation
    icon: hero/currency-dollar
    summary: |
      $500,000 grant for research in ethical AI development.
  - title: Outstanding PhD Thesis
    url: https://www.stanford.edu/
    date: '2019-06-30'
    awarder: Stanford University
    icon: hero/academic-cap
    summary: |
      Recognized for contributions to scaling laws in deep learning.
---

Hello, my name is Triet Ho. I'm currently 1st year Ph.D. student at Umich majoring in Aerospace Engineering. My research goal is to combine machine learning, computational research, and aerospace engineering together. Specifically, I focus on applying machine learning to Multidisciplinary Design Optimization (MDO) for electrified aircraft. Right now, I'm under Professor Gökçin Çınar in Integrated Design of Efficient Aerospace Systems (IDEAS) Lab.
